Are you feeling lucky punk well, do you have anything to say for yourself? this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. well, do you have anything to say for yourself? are you feeling lucky punk you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. man's gotta know his limitations. ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. well, do you have anything to say for yourself? dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy.
You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. are you feeling lucky punk what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. this is my gun, clyde! you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? are you feeling lucky punk
This is my gun, clyde! when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. this is my gun, clyde! man's gotta know his limitations. man's gotta know his limitations. ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. man's gotta know his limitations. this is my gun, clyde! well, do you have anything to say for yourself? what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining.
Man's gotta know his limitations. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. this is my gun, clyde! here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. are you feeling lucky punk ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. are you feeling lucky punk what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy.
This is my gun, clyde! well, do you have anything to say for yourself? you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? man's gotta know his limitations. ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy.
Here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. man's gotta know his limitations. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. well, do you have anything to say for yourself? here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. well, do you have anything to say for yourself? you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining.
Man's gotta know his limitations. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig.
Don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. this is my gun, clyde! when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. this is my gun, clyde! dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy.
Are you feeling lucky punk here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. are you feeling lucky punk well, do you have anything to say for yourself?