Good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. look ma i'm road kill your entrance was good, his was better. hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime. your number still 911? kinda hot in these rhinos. excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. here she comes to wreck the day. look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head.
Good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. we got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! haaaaaaarry. good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. we're going for a ride on the information super highway. here she comes to wreck the day. we're going for a ride on the information super highway. kinda hot in these rhinos. we're going for a ride on the information super highway. excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. your entrance was good, his was better. it's because i'm green isn't it!
We got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! haaaaaaarry. look ma i'm road kill it's because i'm green isn't it! brain freeze. hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime. your number still 911? kinda hot in these rhinos. look ma i'm road kill look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. your entrance was good, his was better. hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime. your number still 911? look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. we're going for a ride on the information super highway.
Hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime. your number still 911? we got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! haaaaaaarry. i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime. your number still 911? alrighty then alrighty then your entrance was good, his was better. we got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! haaaaaaarry. good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. look ma i'm road kill look ma i'm road kill
Here she comes to wreck the day. look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. kinda hot in these rhinos. your entrance was good, his was better. alrighty then your entrance was good, his was better. look ma i'm road kill excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. here she comes to wreck the day. look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. here she comes to wreck the day.
Brain freeze. it's because i'm green isn't it! brain freeze. we're going for a ride on the information super highway. alrighty then brain freeze. brain freeze. look ma i'm road kill alrighty then excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. we got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! haaaaaaarry.
We got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! haaaaaaarry. brain freeze. alrighty then we're going for a ride on the information super highway. i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. here she comes to wreck the day. look ma i'm road kill hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime. your number still 911? we're going for a ride on the information super highway. it's because i'm green isn't it! alrighty then your entrance was good, his was better.
Kinda hot in these rhinos. brain freeze. i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. kinda hot in these rhinos. here she comes to wreck the day. we got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! haaaaaaarry. we're going for a ride on the information super highway. it's because i'm green isn't it! here she comes to wreck the day. it's because i'm green isn't it! excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions.
Good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime. your number still 911? we got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! haaaaaaarry. it's because i'm green isn't it! kinda hot in these rhinos. alrighty then kinda hot in these rhinos. good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. your entrance was good, his was better. good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. it's because i'm green isn't it! i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter.