Lebowski ipsum zere ARE no ROOLZ! Stay out of Malibu, deadbeat! Mark that frame an eight, you're entering a world of pain. They finally did it. They killed my fucking car. Leads, yeah. I'll just check with the boys down at the Crime Lab. They've assigned four more detectives to the case, got us working in shifts. Mind if I smoke a jay? Fine, Dude. As if it's impossible to get some nail polish, apply it to someone else's toe.
Look, Larry… Have you ever heard of Vietnam? Blow on them. I like your style, Dude. Every time a rug is micturated upon in this fair city, I have to compensate. …which would place him high in the runnin' for laziest worldwide—but sometimes there's a man… sometimes there's a man. Show me what you got. Nihilist. Dipshit with a nine-toed woman. Please see him, Jeffrey. He's a good man. And thorough.
You thought, hey, a deadbeat, a loser, someone the square community won't give a shit about. Now this story I'm about to unfold took place back in the early nineties —just about the time of our conflict with Sad'm and the Eye-rackies. I only mention it 'cause some- times there's a man—I won't say a hee-ro, 'cause what's a hee-ro?—but sometimes there's a man. Is this yours, Larry? Is this your homework, Larry?
Sure you'll see some tank battles. But fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle. The nail polish, Walter. I mean his wife goes out and owes money and they pee on my rug. I SAY VEE CUT OFF YOUR CHONSON! I've had a rough night, and I hate the fucking Eagles, man. THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU FUCK A STRANGER IN THE ASS!
Lady, I got buddies who died face-down in the mud so you and I could enjoy this family restaurant! These men are nihilists, Donny, nothing to be afraid of. Beaver? You mean vagina? —I mean, you know him? Ya see? Nothing is fucked up here, Dude. Nothing is fucked. These guys are fucking amateurs. Yeah well, that's just, ya know, like, your opinion, man. This Chinaman is not the issue!
Another Caucasian, Gary. Forget it, Donny. You're out of your element. This guy fucking walks. I've never been more certain of anything in my life. Yes, so we were informed. However, we must of course transmit the remains to you in a receptacle. I'm not Mr. Lebowski; you're Mr. Lebowski. I'm the Dude. My dirty undies. Laundry, Dude. The whites. Wait in the car, Donny. Vee vant zat money, Lebowski.
Say friend, ya got any more a that good sarsaparilla? JUST BECAUSE WE'RE BEREAVED DOESN'T MEAN WE'RE SAPS! Yeah, well, right man, there are many facets to this, uh, you know, many interested parties. If I can find your money, man— what's in it for the Dude? Shut the fuck up, Donny! V.I. Lenin! Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov! Does the Pope shit in the woods? It's a complicated case, Maude. Lotta ins, lotta outs, lotta what-have-yous.
They won't hurt us, Donny. These men are cowards. This is quite a pad you got here, man. Completely unspoiled. What the fuck does Vietnam have to do with anything! What the fuck were you talking about?! Ja, your viggly penis, Lebowski. Vee belief in nossing, Lebowski! Jesus, you mix a hell of a Caucasian, Jackie. LOGJAMMIN'. Fuckin' A. You know, the usual. Bowl. Drive around. The occasional acid flashback.
Okay, Jackie, done. I like the way you do business. Your money is being held by a kid named Larry Sellers. He lives in North Hollywood, on Radford, near the In-and-Out Burger. A real fuckin' brat, but I'm sure. Ja, vee could really do it, Lebowski. They're nihilists. This kid is in the ninth grade, Dude, and his father is—are you ready for this? —Arthur Digby Sellers.