At this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! my lord! you're a tripod. i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. you wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. yes, i used a machine gun. at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! pull my finger! when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! my lord! you're a tripod.
When i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. yes, i used a machine gun. it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. yes, i used a machine gun. jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look.
Yes, i used a machine gun. it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. my lord! you're a tripod. my lord! you're a tripod. pull my finger! my lord! you're a tripod. you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. yes, i used a machine gun. you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't.
You're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. pull my finger! you wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? my lord! you're a tripod. i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off!
It's not the size mate, it's how you use it. i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. pull my finger! yes, i used a machine gun. i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours.
You are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. you wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? pull my finger! my lord! you're a tripod.
You wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! yes, i used a machine gun. yes, i used a machine gun. i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. my lord! you're a tripod. at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for.
You wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? you wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? pull my finger! you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. you wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world!
Your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. pull my finger! pull my finger! you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look.