Bruce... i'm god. rehabilitated? well, now let me see. you know, i don't have any idea what that means. let me tell you something my friend. hope is a dangerous thing. hope can drive a man insane. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. mister wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when i'm asked, i don't have to lie. but don't think of me as an idiot. it only took me six days. same time it took the lord to make the world. no, this is mount everest. you should flip on the discovery channel from time to time. but i guess you can't now, being dead and all. well, what is it today? more spelunking? multiply your anger by about a hundred, kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. mister wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when i'm asked, i don't have to lie. but don't think of me as an idiot. rehabilitated? well, now let me see. you know, i don't have any idea what that means.
Let me tell you something my friend. hope is a dangerous thing. hope can drive a man insane. multiply your anger by about a hundred, kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. i did the same thing to gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. it only took me six days. same time it took the lord to make the world. the man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. boxing is about respect. getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. the man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. no, this is mount everest. you should flip on the discovery channel from time to time. but i guess you can't now, being dead and all. circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. i now issue a new commandment: thou shalt do the dance. i don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, base-jumping crowd. let me tell you something my friend. hope is a dangerous thing. hope can drive a man insane.
Well, what is it today? more spelunking? i don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, base-jumping crowd. circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. bruce... i'm god. you measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. well, what is it today? more spelunking? i now issue a new commandment: thou shalt do the dance. i now issue a new commandment: thou shalt do the dance. boxing is about respect. getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. multiply your anger by about a hundred, kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. i once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. only perfect intentions. let me tell you something my friend. hope is a dangerous thing. hope can drive a man insane.
That tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. bruce... i'm god. that tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. i now issue a new commandment: thou shalt do the dance. the man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. multiply your anger by about a hundred, kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. i did the same thing to gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. i did the same thing to gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. the man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks.
I now issue a new commandment: thou shalt do the dance. bruce... i'm god. well, what is it today? more spelunking? that tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. it only took me six days. same time it took the lord to make the world. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. let me tell you something my friend. hope is a dangerous thing. hope can drive a man insane. rehabilitated? well, now let me see. you know, i don't have any idea what that means. rehabilitated? well, now let me see. you know, i don't have any idea what that means. i once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. only perfect intentions. it only took me six days. same time it took the lord to make the world. that tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass.
No, this is mount everest. you should flip on the discovery channel from time to time. but i guess you can't now, being dead and all. circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. well, what is it today? more spelunking? rehabilitated? well, now let me see. you know, i don't have any idea what that means. let me tell you something my friend. hope is a dangerous thing. hope can drive a man insane. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. mister wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when i'm asked, i don't have to lie. but don't think of me as an idiot. i don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, base-jumping crowd. the man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. you measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. i once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. only perfect intentions.
I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. only perfect intentions. that tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. it only took me six days. same time it took the lord to make the world. you measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. mister wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when i'm asked, i don't have to lie. but don't think of me as an idiot. i once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. only perfect intentions. that tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. i don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, base-jumping crowd. boxing is about respect. getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy.
You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. i did the same thing to gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. boxing is about respect. getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. i did the same thing to gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. boxing is about respect. getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. no, this is mount everest. you should flip on the discovery channel from time to time. but i guess you can't now, being dead and all. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. i once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. only perfect intentions. the man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. mister wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when i'm asked, i don't have to lie. but don't think of me as an idiot.
I now issue a new commandment: thou shalt do the dance. it only took me six days. same time it took the lord to make the world. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. well, what is it today? more spelunking? mister wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when i'm asked, i don't have to lie. but don't think of me as an idiot. boxing is about respect. getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. no, this is mount everest. you should flip on the discovery channel from time to time. but i guess you can't now, being dead and all. i did the same thing to gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. bruce... i'm god. bruce... i'm god. you measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. i don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, base-jumping crowd.